if you wonder why it is not
gifts tip again multi-discipline dm
drogerie stuff then yes I'm pretty
i have a sinus sin
inflammation and sauldorf now too
Christmas is with animals but as
small consolation I have now bought
while it is about these beautiful ones
products are available at takko
currently super nice reduced so
strict and winter stuff I have to
a lousy drum pants I bought for
instead of seven euros for five euros that is
so very nice quality I think so
a beautiful beige brown and feels
so really great
beautiful
then I bought such in the piece
and the city ​​was four euros me
I have the second one here
for two euros or was just there
ever on three euros again
two reduced thats as well because there
the burgundy gauntlets have the
top and bottom is so nice
that they can not slip
and if I have sweet quality now
and I have once for Michael
power once to give
which is very nice then I have
you already shown this case
So there are always amazing things
Chance parcours or such towels are
as lukewarm as I think so around
the three to five euros cost
you already know that from innumerable
I love to wear videos very much
I do not know if it is exactly now
but has just got his books
the on mars partly for one to two
Euro reduced so much to recommend
and then I have one now
I also found a new love life
totally stand on this color as you can see
So here I have the price that is from
10 euros to 3 or reduced and that
even a hatch number of it also relatively
wide so wide about
and you can do that twice really well
and he has such beautiful palettes
plugged or a roll in it and
they do not even class that way
I was a little worried about the first
are really great
It is quite soft to wear and
nice and warm in winter and spring
really absolutely with my new love
can I you very much to the heart they put
I have this new bunch here
bought just now so I have on all
cases in everyday life or because of something
because you can do that with two
reduced fable is 2 euros or gets
stiff three euros that's a real hammer
So look over but says Kauftipp de
and bargain hunters and I lie down
Now back on the couch and tried
to get well with it
Christmas at least a little something
and now if I have a whole
clear advent that you all
please stay healthy and that we ourselves
then see you soon again soon
bye bye